updating contributing.md and readme.md (#47)
KuriusMTL/HackItForward: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via [issues](https://github.com/KuriusMTL/HackItForward/issues).

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Fork the repository
2. Clone your fork
3. Create a branch by running `git checkout -b <branch-name>`
4. Contribute!
5. If you get things working, add your changed files with `git add` and run `git commit -m "insert message here"` to commit your messages
6. Push your changes to your fork with `git push origin <branch-name>`
7. Create a pull request
8. Iterate on the solution
9. Get merged! 🎉 🎊

## Styleguides

### Git Commit Messages

* Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
* Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")

### Python Style Guide

All Python code is formatted with [Black](https://github.com/psf/black).

* Cut off lines at 100 characters

> * Indent with 2 spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Indent with 2 spaces
* You can run `black .` in the root of the project to format everything for you.
```

### HTML Style Guide

> * Indent with 2 spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Indent with 2 spaces
* Indent Jinja template blocks (like `{% if ... %}` as well).
```

> ## Code of Conduct

Reviewer: I'm not a huge fan of the Contributor Covenant, especially the multiple specific clauses followed by a more generic catch-all. I'll see if I can write something we all agree on that's shorter and better.

Author: Ok, but for now it will suffice

Reviewer: Is there some rush to get this merged? Even if there is, the default should be no code of conduct, not something we'll change within the week.

# Contributing

You **always** want to look at this file *before* contributing. In here you should find
steps that you need to take to set up your development environment as well as instructions
for coding standards and contributing guidelines.

## Set up instructions

You're going to have to do those things to contribute to this project.

1. Fork the repo
2. Clone your fork
3. Create upstream by running `git remote add upstream https://github.com/KuriusMTL/HackItForward.git`. You will then be able to run `git pull upstream master`to pull any changes from the the original repository since you last forked it).
4. Create a branch by running `git checkout -b <branch-name>`

> 5. Run these commands

Reviewer: We should probably mention Python virtual environments.

Author: Can you directly add your suggestions? I will accept the changes you suggest

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py loaddata users
python manage.py loaddata tags
python manage.py loaddata social_links
python manage.py loaddata challenges
python manage.py loaddata projects
```

> 6. To start the Django server, run `python manage.py runserver`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To start the Django server, run `python manage.py runserver` and access it at [http://127.0.0.1:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080)
```

Reviewer 2: Do we need to mention `local_settings.py` (and/for its use in social authentication)?

Reviewer: This shouldn't go into contributing at all tbh, it should be in separate documentation (like an install section of the README).

Reviewer: Also this suggestion is pretty bad, the CLI will tell you where to access it, so don't commit this.

> 6. To start the Django server, run `python manage.py runserver` and access it at [http://127.0.0.1:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To start the Django server, run `python manage.py runserver`.
```

7. Contribute!
8. If you get things working, add your changed files with `git add .` and run `git commit -m "insert message here"` to commit your messages

> 9. Push your changes to your fork with `git push origin <branch-name>`

Reviewer: I think this can just be summarized with: "Commit and push your changes."

# Contributing

> When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via [issues](https://github.com/KuriusMTL/HackItForward/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When contributing to this repository, first discuss the change you wish to make via [issues](https://github.com/KuriusMTL/HackItForward/issues), if the change is large enough to warrant such discussion.
```

> Please note we have a [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow our [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all your interactions with the project.
```

## Pull Request Process

1. Fork the repository
2. Clone your fork
3. Create a branch by running `git checkout -b <branch-name>`

> 4. Contribute!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Write code!
```

> 5. If you get things working, add your changed files with `git add` and run `git commit -m "insert message here"` to commit your messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you get things working, add your changed files with `git add` and then commit them with `git commit`
```

6. Push your changes to your fork with `git push origin <branch-name>`
7. Create a pull request
8. Iterate on the solution
9. Get merged! 🎉 🎊

## Styleguides

### Git Commit Messages

* Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
* Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")

### Python Style Guide

All Python code is formatted with [Black](https://github.com/psf/black).

* Cut off lines at 100 characters

> * Indent with 2 spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Indent with 4 spaces
```

* You can run `black .` in the root of the project to format everything for you.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
